In this module we covered that the Maven integration
with IDEs is a very valuable thing,
and it can give us a lot of insight into what's
going on inside of our application.
We also looked at the Eclipse and Spring STS installation and that
it's really just unzipping a bundled application.
Existing projects can be imported easily and converting
projects can be done easily, as well.
Adding dependencies inside the IDE is easier than doing it by hand,
because there some good searching tools.
Sometimes they don't work as well as we would like them to,
but they can make adding basic ones a lot easier.
Solving dependency resolution errors is a lot more
convenient inside the IDE as well,
we can look and see if something's being omitted or overridden. And also
configuring your IDE is just a lot more convenient with Maven on both of
the demos that we did. As soon as we imported it, it automatically
downloaded all those dependencies and added them to our class path and
then built all of our source.
It builds automatically based off of that configuration. So
there's no extra step to be done outside of your IDE or inside of your IDE to get it to work with Maven.